#labels Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design
= 1. Laboratory =
Player starts out as a velociraptor in a genetic engineering facility. They emerge from a shattered vat, surrounded by other velociraptors in various stages of development, which are still firmly in the cloning vats. Player escapes, learning some game mechanics. They go through a portal created by the same malfunctions that freed the player from the vat.

Controls taught: WASD movement for jump, left, crouch, and right respectively; M1 (left click) for attacking with claws.
Game mechanics taught: Melee combat, physics, items such as medkits.
Weapons/tools acquired: claws.

= 2. Prehistoric Jungle =
Player travels through short stretch of jungle. They meet with velociraptors, who listen to what has happened. The velociraptors tell the player they want to take over the "modern world," and thus survive extinction. To do so, the player must acquire the right capabilities and weapons, while the other velociraptors prepare for the assault. Player exits through another portal.

Controls taught: none.
Game mechanics taught: none.
Weapons/tools acquired: none.

= 3. Islands (Pirates and Ninjas) =
#TODO

as a note here, we may want to have a ninja/pirate _riding_ the velociraptor, rather than the player becoming a ninja or pirate. This would make a little more sense and may be easier to incorporate into the plot (for example, the player has to choose between helping out a ninja or a pirate fight through enemies).

Controls taught: Scroll wheel/num keys to switch weapons, M2 (right click) for secondary attack.
Game mechanics taught: Ranged combat, using projectiles to solve weapons, physics based combat.
Weapons/tools acquired: Pirate path: pistol, blunderbuss, cutlass, whiskey bottle; Ninja path: katana, poison dart gun, flashbang, ninja star.

= 4. Far future (zombie apocalypse) =
#TODO

During the beginning, say as soon as the door opens there will we a horde of zombie attacking. You will need to jump over trucks, cars, run into shops to pick up ammo and health along the way.

= 5. Nearer future (robot dystopia) =
#TODO
Here robots will come as giants and little robots just for the fun of it. These enemies are long distance.
Controls taught: none.
Game mechanics taught: Stealth via cloaking, when to use invuln, double jumping.
Weapons/tools acquired: Cloak, forcefield, RPG, ?

= 6. Modern times (final battle) =
#TODO

Attacking a large armed turtle.
Controls taught: none.
Game mechanics taught: none.
Weapons/tools acquired: none.